Referee #2 (Remarks to the Author): 

The paper introduces two techniques to increase the accuracy of finite 
difference discretizations of time dependent partial differential equations 
(PDEs). One technique is to choose the time step to raise the accuracy (OTS) 
and the other is to add terms in the numerical scheme to compensate for the 
remaining truncation error. 

The method is applied to many examples including convection and diffusion in 
one and two space dimensions. The expected improvement in accuracy is observed 
in numerical experiments. 

The drawbacks of the method of adapting the time step for higher order are 
discussed on pp. 10-11: 
* the leading order space derivative must have a constant coefficient 
* extension to systems of equations is hard 
* extension to several dimensions is possible only if there is a relation 
between the constant space steps in the dimensions given by the equation and 
the time step. 

The method to add terms to improve the numerical accuracy has similarities 
with iterative improvement or deferred correction, e.g. used by V Pereyra for 
boundary value problems for ordinary differential equations in the 1960's. 
This method appears to be easier to generalize to systems of equations and 
more space dimensions although the corrections may become rather complicated. 

The Burgers equation with a small viscosity constant is a model equation for 
shocks in gas dynamics. Then it is of interest to let the solution steepen to 
a shock to test the method. The correction term in (2.29) can become large. 
How does the method work in that case? 

The accuracy is compared in the Figures for different number of grid points 
and different methods. It is important to consider the computational work also 
to achieve the accuracy. This is compared in Table 2.1 for different methods. 
The compute time is of O(e^{-5/6}) and O(e^{-1}) for two methods. Suppose 
e=10^{-6} which is a severe error requirement. Then the compute time is 
O(10^5) and O(10^6) for the two methods. To be able to see the difference 
between them, the constants is the O-expressions are needed (it may 10 times 
larger for the first method). An alternative is to measure the CPU time in a 
calculation. This is not done for any of the proposed methods. 

The novelty in the paper is in the systematic choice of time steps to increase 
the accuracy but the idea is of limited value if there are difficulties with 
systems of equations and non-constant coefficients. Most PDEs of interest in 
physics and engineering do not satisfy these constraints. Maxwell's equations 
of electromagnetics in free space has constant coefficients but there are six 
coupled equations and the Navier-Stokes equations are both a system and 
nonlinear. Parabolic equations like the heat equation are usually solved by a 
finite element discretization where the suggested method is difficult to apply. 

In conclusion, the paper is too long for its contents and the method is too 
limited for publication in SIAM J Numer Anal but a shorter version could be 
suitable for a more application oriented journal for numerical methods.
